Welcome back to the last video of the section.
And in this section we kind of finished our project,
both the API and also the rendered website,
at least for now.
So once again, congratulations for reaching this point
and for sitting through over 30 hours of video,
always listening to my voice.
Anyway in this last video,
I wanted to quickly address some topics
that we could've added to the API and to the website,
and basically leave them for you as challenges
if you'd like.
So we could've added some more business logic
to our project, for example,
adding a restriction that users can only review a tour
that they have actually booked.
And that would make a lot of sense, right?
So I want you to try that out on your own
if you feel like it.
Now these challenges I'm not gonna solve myself,
unless there is really a lot of demand for one of them.
And I've actually left these kind
of more complicated challenges for students
to really do on their own in my other courses,
and I've really seen some creative results in many cases.
So I hope you also try out some of them.
Now anyway next up,
you could also implement some nested booking routes,
for example, getting all the bookings for a certain tour
and getting all the bookings for a certain user,
so based on ids.
Also you could dramatically improve the tour dates,
and what I mean by that is that you could add a participants
and a soldOut field to each of the dates.
And the date then becomes kind of like
an instance of the tour.
Then when a user actually books a tour,
they need to select one of the available dates,
and then your booking in one of the dates
will then increase the number of participants
in the date until it is booked out,
so basically when participants is greater
than the maximum group size.
Now finally of course when the user wants
to book a certain tour on a certain date,
you need to check if the tour is still available
on that selected date.
Okay?
So that's actually quite a sophisticated challenge
but also a really fun one to implement,
and really would add some significant business logic
to this project.
Finally, you could also implement some
of the advanced authentication features
that we already talked about a bit before
in the security section.
For example, you could confirm a user email address
basically by sending them an email with a link
that they need to click,
and only after the click,
the user is then really registered in the application
and can do stuff like purchasing tours.
Also you could keep users logged in
with something called refresh tokens.
And that's again a bit complicated to implement
but if you Google around about how it works,
then I'm sure you can find a good solution
or also you can even come up with one on your own.
Finally, you could also implement two-factor authentication,
but this one is taking it even one step further.
So basically when a user logs in,
they then receive something like a text message
on their phone with a code that they need to put
into the application in order
to be authenticated after that second step.
So these are some nice challenges
that you could really implement on the API site,
basically of the project.
But also there's stuff that you can do on the website.
For example, you could implement the sign up form,
which should be very similar to the login form.
So I didn't do that really because it's so similar
to the login form,
and so I didn't want to waste any time by doing that.
But of course you can go ahead and implement
that one as well.
Then another nice thing that you could do on the website
is that on the tour detail page,
you can allow a user
to add a review directly on the website,
but only if the user has taken that tour.
So you would have to check if the currently logged-in user
has actually booked the current tour,
and also if the time of the tour has already passed.
And if so, then you can add a form to the page
where the user can add a new review,
for example, using our review API.
Or also, and this one is a bit related,
you can hide the entire booking section
on the same tour detail page if the current user
has booked the tour.
Okay.
This would then prevent the same user from booking
the same tour twice.
And then since you're already doing it on the front end,
you should also prevent duplicate bookings
on the back end in your model.
That will actually be very similar
to preventing duplicate reviews from the same user.
Okay.
Also, you could implement
a very nice like tour functionality.
So where you have something like a like
or a heart button on the tour,
and then when the user clicks it,
it gets added to their favorites.
And then on the website,
you could have a favorites page or just a favorite panel
where the user can see all of their favorite tours.
So that's not really a hard one
but I think a very fun one to implement.
Next up on the user account page,
you could implement the My Reviews page,
which already has a link right now,
and on that page the user could then see
and maybe also edit and delete all of their own reviews.
Now if you know React,
then this would really be an amazing way
to use the Natours API and also train your React skills
at the same time.
And once you're doing that with React,
you could actually recreate the entire page
as a single page application with React
or something like this.
So like Angular or Vue would also work for this.
Right.
So that would be really great if you would do that,
and I would actually really love to see this implemented.
Finally, for the administrators,
you could implement the Manage pages,
where the admins can then create, read, update,
and delete all the resources,
so all the tours, users, reviews, and bookings.
Once more, React would maybe be a good fit for this,
or if not, then just regular Javascript
on the front end would also work really well too,
for example, update all of these resources using Ajax calls.
So there really is a ton of stuff that you could implement
in order to still improve our project
and our website even more.
Right?
And I'm sure you could even come up
with still some other stuff here.
So again, it would be really awesome
to see some of these features actually implemented by you.
And if you do one of them or even more,
then just make sure to share your result
in the course Q&A section.
Anyway, that's it for this video and for this section
and also almost for this course.
So great job once more and now next up,
all there is really left to do is to prepare
the application for deployment,
and then to actually deploy it onto a live production server
to really share our project with the world.